new register_handlers function (#73)
insightsengineering/teal.logger: NEWS.md

# teal.logger 0.1.3.9012

> * New function `register_handlers` to register package level logger namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
* New function `register_handlers` to register global handlers for logging messages, warnings and errors.
```
